danny- Thank you for sending me this mix tap! It was a perfect time to be getting it. i was at work getting ready to leave for new years weekend.I thought, that's really nice of him, it will be nice to listen to this tonight! I've been spending a lot of time alone this week so it was a nice activity for my evening! But then also, i smoked a jointand got super stoned and started having a lot of thoughts and feelings well up! but usually when I amstoned, i feel communication gets a lot harder, like basically i both censor myself out of not wanting to be vulnerable, and also i just get worse at conveying myself. So it's rare that I do something like this!its an experiment in trying to be a better communicator and also i felt comfortable writing to you. I think that digital communication is hard for me in general because I censor myself & spend a lot of timedouble-thinking things i've sent. it's meant that a lot of very meaningful friendships i've had have been lapsed or gone dormant. which is an ok normal thing but it makes me sad and i dont think it had to be that way.i love the mixtape by the way. It was really nice to be given it the way you did, with the note, and the timing, and the way the files were aranged and labeled. it felt like getting a sheet of loose-leaf with pen covering it felt in highscool. but digital, and not as good, but still really good. this is corny to say but gmail put your email in the "updates" category.  like, it didn't end up in "primary". I thinkthat means a machine learning algorthim read your email and looked at our shared contacts and decided it still though youwere like, an email-verifaction link! that's creepy! <inline image, "iphone bad cartoon">. damn im really stoned! how bout that. at gxxxxx, you used to be able to look up how stuff like that worked ^ the signals for categorizing an email or whatever.but i couldn't ask today, it's top secret. even asking it violates a policy, and people have started getting punished andfired (and smeared/doxed) for doing that. the walls are closing in there man, and it's scary. not that there havent always been walls.dang im pretty stone! i'm always having to use my janky shitty punk ass linux machines to do computer stuff when im high even though i dont want to deal with it. its trippy to have to debug computer shit when you're stoned because it's alwaysa history lesson of human failure (and pointless but symbolic triump). man i hope you dont mind be emailed like this.that's a normal thing to worry about right? I regret too much email i send! ok im gonna wrap this up but the mixtap is hitting.also i made a html page of your website at work because i felt like play-acting at doing something productive because i wrote preciesly 3 lines of code tody. i felt sheepish about making it public wihtout asking u. this is a really great mixtape and my mind is racing so im gonna relax and enjoy it ! thanks again danny. i have a close friend nameddanni, and a close friend named dena, and a close friend named dana. i dated 2 of those people! they live in philly, oakland, and bushwick respectively. hope this email finds u well. you can chose which version of this email u want to read. 